README.md, before:

# Password Generator Starter Code


## User Story

AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria

WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password

WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters

WHEN asked for character types to include in the password
THEN I confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters

WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected

WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria

WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page

Commit message:

Completed Acceptance Criteria and README

README.md, after:

# Password Generator Starter Code

## Description

This is a password generator. The user can create a random password by answering 5 prompts. These prompts to the length of the password, and whether or not the user wants to include lower-case letters, upper-case letters, numbers, and special characters. This is very beneficial if the user wants to create a temporary or permanent password that would be different from any other combination of characters.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Link to the repository: <a href="https://github.com/FrancisLao9/PasswordGenerator">Password Page</a>

## Usage

To use the random password generator, click "Generate Password". Multiple prompts will show up, asking for the length of the password along with other variables such as inclusion of lower-case letters, upper-case letters, numeric characters, and special characters such as -, ., and !.

## Credits

N/A

## License

MIT License. See License in repository.
